[elevator dings]
[gasps]
Machiko!
Baby! Thank god!
What is this weird place?
I don't know. My memory
is a complete blank.
Strange. So is mine!
This doesn't make any sense.
[MACHIKO gasps]
Right this way, please.
Welcome to Quindecim.
Please have a seat.
A pleasure to meet you.
My name is Decim and I
will be your bartender.
Yeah, okay.
You will most likely find
this a strange question,
but I'm afraid I
do have to ask it.
Do you remember anything
prior to your arrival here?
Nothing. Neither of us
seems to, although...
Thinking about it,
I'm pretty sure
we were on our honeymoon.
Yeah, you're right.
I can actually remember
that much, too.
Yes, very good. Thank you
for indulging me.
Anyway, forget that.
Tell us about this place.
One moment.
I will now explain some
things about your situation.
This is important.
Please pay close attention.
Number one: I'm afraid
I cannot provide you
with any information regarding
your current location.
Number two: Now that
you are here,
we shall have you play a game.
I'm sorry, "play a game"?
[DECIM] Number three:
as to game selection--
That will be decided
upon by roulette.
[TAKASHI, MACHIKO gasp]
Number four: The stakes
of the game are very high.
Your lives, in fact.
[TAKASHI] What the hell
are you talking about?
And number five: Don't worry,
this is the final point.
Until the game is completed,
you cannot leave.
Huh? I think we've
heard enough, thanks.
Let's go.
[MACHIKO]
Uh, yeah.
[TAKASHI]
Poor guy. He's obviously nuts.
--[TAKASHI] Hm?
--That's strange.
Nope. This is the bathroom.
Ah, damn it!
[growls]
All right. Where's the exit?
[DECIM] As I have explained,
you cannot leave the bar
until the game is finished.
And if I say we're not
playing your damn game?
[DECIM] I would sincerely
recommend against it.
[MACHIKO, TAKASHI gasp]
[TAKASHI]
What...?
[BOTH gasp]
Those look like-- Are they--?
[TAKASHI] What is this place?
Why are there bodies?
As I outlined in both
points two and four,
we would like you to
play a game in which
the stakes are your lives.
I'm afraid I cannot
say more than that.
[TAKASHI] He's some
kind of psycho. Must be.
If I could have you
press this button, please.
The roulette will begin,
and the game will be decided.
[MACHIKO]
What do you think?
[TAKASHI] Let's just do
what he says for now.
Who knows what'll
happen if we don't?
The guy's clearly unbalanced.
Yeah, you're right.
[game music plays]
[TAKASHI, MACHIKO gasp]
[BOTH gasp]
[DECIM] The rules of
the game are simple.
You will take turns throwing
the darts in front of you,
until someone
reaches zero points.
Alternatively, if you
should run out of darts
before that happens,
whoever's score is lower
will be named the winner.
You've each been
given seven darts.
Please throw them from
behind the line indicated.
[DECIM] The outer ring is worth
double, and the inner, triple.
A single bull is
worth 25 points,
while a double is worth 50.
[DECIM] You'll notice various
regions of the body depicted.
Those are linked to your
respective nervous systems.
Wait, what did you say?
We're linked to the boards?
Yes.
Where the darts hit, you will
feel a corresponding pain.
Impossible.
[DECIM] And, naturally,
the higher the score is,
the greater your pain will be.
No. There's no way.
You're lying.
Calm down, honey.
Obviously, this guy
is full of it.
Let's just pretend to go
along with it for now, okay?
You sure?
If things do get ugly,
I'll figure something out.
[MACHIKO]
I trust you.
[DECIM] Very well.
The game will now begin.
[TAKASHI]
Linked to the boards, huh?
There's just no way
they could do that.
[yelps]
Machiko! No, it's impossible!
Maybe it's just in my head.
All I felt was a
little twinge of pain.
It doesn't even hurt anymore.
Don't worry, I really
think I'm okay.
[TAKASHI]
I don't know--
[MACHIKO]
It's all right. Just calm down.
Here. Why don't I
give it a try now?
[groans]
[MACHIKO]
Baby! Does it really hurt?
[TAKASHI]
It's true. There is a link!
How can they be doing this?
--[gasping]
--[TAKASHI groaning]
[TAKASHI]
Did something stick me?
No, there's nothing.
Takashi!
Just wait over there.
Don't think you can
fool me, you psycho.
I'm a doctor! There's no
sign of any surgery.
What have you done to us?!
Nothing in particular.
[TAKASHI] Then how are you
making us feel pain?
You can stop it.
[gasps]
As I told you before,
in this game,
your lives are at stake.
[DECIM] If you want to
avoid inflicting pain,
then all you have to do
is miss the targets.
Seriously?
You can miss with all
six remaining darts.
That will bring the game
to a swift conclusion.
Oh, yeah. I didn't
think about that.
Except, of course,
that will ensure that
Machiko will be the victor.
[TAKASHI]
I would lose?
What is it? What did
he say? Can you hear me?
Oh, yeah.
Apparently, we have to
keep playing the game.
He did give me a
really good tip, though.
We can just keep
throwing and missing.
It'll end quickly that way.
We can do that? Really?
[TAKASHI]
Yeah.
Except, if we do...
Well, look at the score.
You would lose.
Let's not worry
about that for now.
[TAKASHI] That's right.
It doesn't matter if I lose.
[TAKASHI]
As long as I still have Machiko.
[sighs]
[TAKASHI gasps]
Is something wrong?
It's your turn to throw.
I spaced out. Sorry.
--[yelps]
--[TAKASHI] No!
Oh, god, I'm so sorry!
I didn't mean to.
My hand slipped!
[MACHIKO]
I-It's all right, baby,
I'm fine. It's not too bad.
[TAKASHI groans]
[TAKASHI]
My eyes!
Oh, my eyes!
Oh, no! I'm so sorry!
Are you okay?
[TAKASHI]
You had to hit the double ring!
I didn't do it on purpose!
You know that, right?
[MACHIKO] I'm so sorry!
Baby, I'm so sorry!
[MACHIKO]
I swear, I didn't mean to!
Please, baby, don't!
[MACHIKO]
Or, if you have to...
At least try not
to hit my belly.
[gasps]
[MACHIKO]
It's your child.
What? Really?
[MACHIKO]
Yes.
[gasps]
[TAKASHI]
That explains it.
You haven't been
acting like yourself.
[MACHIKO]
Yes.
How many weeks are you?
[MACHIKO]
About ten now.
Why didn't you say something?
[MACHIKO]
I was going to.
I wanted to surprise
you during our trip.
I haven't told anybody yet.
I wanted you to be
the first one to know.
I'm glad I was.
I'm so happy, honey.
Try to take it easy now, okay?
Right. I'll do my best.
[TAKASHI] I can't believe I'm
finally going to be a father!
[gasps]
[groans]
[panting]
How could you?
[TAKASHI]
It wasn't on purpose.
[MACHIKO]
Yeah, right!
What if something
happens to the baby?
Hmph!
[MACHIKO]
What? What is it?
[TAKASHI]
I can't even look at you.
How could I have forgotten
that of all things?
What are you talking about?
Think, Machiko. Think real hard.
[WOMAN 1A]
That was a nice ceremony, huh?
[WOMAN 1B]
Yeah. You have to admit, though.
Matchy really does play to win.
Oh, yeah, she does.
"Matchy"?
--Do they mean Machiko?
--[WOMAN 1A] She's always been
--that way.
Matchy sees something she
wants and goes after it.
You're not kidding!
I hear her husband's a doctor.
[gasps]
[WOMAN 1A]
I'm so jealous!
A successful husband
and a hot boyfriend.
[WOMEN giggle]
Your friends should
be more careful
with what they say.
I heard every word of
their little conversation.
About what? Me?
[TAKASHI]
It's almost funny.
Finding out that you're
having an affair
on the same day as our wedding.
What are you saying?
What affair?
[TAKASHI] And I still
went through with it.
I couldn't bring myself
to call it off.
I just kept trying to pretend
I hadn't heard them.
No, you're wrong!
I've been faithful!
I loved you so much!
I would have done
anything for you!
I love you, too!
Whatever you've
heard, it's wrong!
Don't you lie to me!
I'm not lying! It's the truth!
Oh, well. It's all over now.
[gasps]
Tell me, bartender.
What would you like to know?
Those rules of yours.
There's one you haven't
told us, right?
What are you doing?
That one isn't yours.
So what if it isn't.
You see, when he
explained the rules,
he never actually specified
the targets. Isn't that right?
Your assumption is correct.
As long as the dart hits a
target, points will be scored.
The game's predicated on us
taking from each other
from the beginning.
Seven darts were never
going to be enough.
The dart in your hand
is the last to be thrown,
meaning, whosever target it hits
will be the winner of the game.
You still haven't told us
what happens to the loser.
Nor can I tell you at this time.
Please accept my apology.
Rules are rules, eh?
Ah, well.
Why don't we give old
"Play-to-win" Matchy
a taste of defeat and
see how she likes it?
You're not used to
losing, are you?
Who's Matchy?
[TAKASHI]
That's your nickname, isn't it?
Hold on. Just think
back for a second.
Remember me telling
you there was a friend
coming to our wedding
I hadn't seen in years?
[TAKASHI]
I...
Yeah, Machida Yuki.
A friend from school.
She really hated her name
when we were younger.
She said it was too
masculine for her.
Wait a sec, are you saying...?
That's the reason we gave
her the nickname "Matchy."
She's Matchy?
[MACHIKO] I remember
hearing she got married
several years ago to a doctor.
But she was having a
hard time breaking it off
with her old boyfriend.
[TAKASHI]
No, you're joking!
[MACHIKO] You think I'm
making this up, too?
[TAKASHI grunts, gasps]
[WOMAN 1B]
Yeah. You have to admit, though.
Matchy really does play to win.
You're not kidding!
I hear her husband's a doctor.
[TAKASHI] No... My god. So that
means the baby is mine?
I told you I wasn't lying,
but you wouldn't believe me.
I'm sorry! I admit I was wrong!
[MACHIKO groans]
Wait! I didn't mean--
[MACHIKO]
Get away from me!
I'll show you!
[TAKASHI]
Hold on!
[gasps]
[MACHIKO gasps]
[groans]
[panting]
The car...
[grunts]
[clapping]
[DECIM] Congratulations.
You are the winner, Machiko.
And with that, the game
is officially at an end.
If you would both please
move over this way.
Just a minute! Please!
One more throw! Just one!
[MACHIKO]
There's no point.
What?
Stop. There's no
point to any of it.
What do you mean?
[MACHIKO] Hey, bartender,
we're already dead now,
aren't we?
Huh?
Yes.
I'm afraid you have both
left the land of the living.
Following their deaths,
people are either sent
to Heaven or to Hell.
That is why Quindecim exists.
To decide who is sent where.
Only certain pairs are invited
to come here, however.
You must have died at the
same moment to qualify.
My apologies.
I'm sorry for not
having told you earlier.
[phone ringing]
Are you gonna answer that?
Huh? Nah, I don't feel
like talking right now.
Gimme that. I'll answer for you.
[MACHIKO]
Jeez! What are you doing?
Stop it! Watch the road!
[TAKASHI yells]
[yells]
[MACHIKO screams]
[TAKASHI gasps]
I remember now. The car.
We fell... so far down.
How could something
like this happen?
I just wanted to start
a family! That was all!
I wanted to be a father.
[sobs]
[TAKASHI] And instead
I killed my own child.
How could this happen?
You're God, aren't you?
There must be
something you can do!
I'm sorry. My role is
merely that of arbiter.
[TAKASHI] I-It's a dream,
right? It has to be!
Nothing this crazy
could be real!
[MACHIKO sobbing]
Shut up!
Just drop the
innocent act, already!
[MACHIKO]
What act?
It's not my child!
What? Whose do you
think it is, exactly?
Somebody else's!
Please, it has to be!
Takashi, please.
[screaming] Why?
[sighs]
[MACHIKO] You know, you're
actually right for once.
[grunts]
[MACHIKO] Yeah. I'm in love
with somebody else.
[MACHIKO laughs]
[MACHIKO]
I mean, it's obvious, isn't it?
Did you actually think somebody
would ever fall
in love with you?
[grunts]
What are you, a complete idiot?
I didn't want anything
but your money!
[TAKASHI]
Wait, you mean, you were lying?
You really were
making it all up?
Of course I was lying,
moron! I mean, your child?
[TAKASHI]
Dirty bitch! I'll teach you!
[yells]
Damn it!
What the hell's happening?
The game ended when the
final dart was thrown.
You think I care
about your damn game?
Let me out of this!
[DECIM]
Once more, I am sorry.
You see, the ruling
has already been made.
I just wanna hit her once!
Please! Just one time!
Very sorry.
[groans]
[whimpers]
Well, then, it's
time we were off.
Come with me, please.
Thank you for playing.
Best of luck on your journey.
Not a bad job, there, Decim.
[DECIM]
Thank you, I did my best.
What did you think about it?
It was pretty awful.
You will get used to it.
So where did each of them
end up going, then?
[NONA]
I'm guessing Takashi's soul
was sent for reincarnation,
and Machiko's was
sent into the void.
Yes.
[WOMAN]
Oh, I see. Um.
Maybe you can clear
something up for me.
[QUIN]
Episode Two: "Death Reverse."